fix: broken links to SDK repo and remove references to guide (#488)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/sdk/relay-kit.mdx

# Relay Kit

> The Relay Kit lets users pay transaction fees (gas fees) using the native blockchain token or ERC-20 tokens. Gas fees can be payed with this kit using any ERC-20 token in your Safe, even if there is no native token balance. This kit enables the use of ERC-4337 with Safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Relay Kit](./relay-kit.mdx) enables ERC-4337 with Safe and allows users to pay for the transaction fees from their Safe account using the blockchain native token, ERC-20 tokens, or get their transactions sponsored.
```
